Add: Add workflow for source build to allow remote access to gsa(d) (#404)
greenbone/docs: src/22.4/source-build/workflows.md

---
sudo systemctl start gsad gvmd notus-scanner ospd-openvas
```

## Access Web Interface Remotely

> When following the build from source guide the web server is configured to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When following the build-from-source guide, the web server is configured to
```

> listen only on localhost (127.0.0.1). To allow access remotely the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
listen only on localhost (127.0.0.1). To allow remote access, the
```

> {command}`gsad` systemd service file needs to be adjusted to set up the web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{command}`gsad` systemd service file must be modified to configure the web
```

server {command}`gsad` to listen on all network interfaces.

```{code-block} none
:caption: Systemd service file for gsad to listen on all interfaces

cat << EOF > $BUILD_DIR/gsad.service
[Unit]
Description=Greenbone Security Assistant daemon (gsad)
Documentation=man:gsad(8) https://www.greenbone.net
After=network.target gvmd.service
Wants=gvmd.service

[Service]
Type=exec
User=gvm
RuntimeDirectory=gsad
RuntimeDirectoryMode=2775
PIDFile=/run/gsad/gsad.pid
ExecStart=/usr/local/sbin/gsad --foreground --listen=0.0.0.0 --port=9392 --http-only
Restart=always
TimeoutStopSec=10

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
Alias=greenbone-security-assistant.service
EOF
```

```{code-block}

> :caption: Install systemd service file for gsad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:caption: Installing the systemd service file for gsad
```

sudo cp -v $BUILD_DIR/gsad.service /etc/systemd/system/
```

> Afterwards, the changed service file needs to be reloaded to ensure the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, the changed service file must be reloaded so that the changes
```

> are taken into account by systemd and the {command}`gsad` service needs to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are taken into account by systemd, and the {command}`gsad` service must be
```

restarted.

```{code-block}

> :caption: Reload changed gsad.service file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:caption: Reloading changed gsad.service file
```

sudo systemctl daemon-reload
```

```{code-block}

> :caption: Restart gsad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:caption: Restarting gsad
```
